Human body parts and organs
It goes without saying that humans (mammals identifiable as those that stand upright and are comparatively advanced and capable of detailed thought) have pretty remarkable bodies, given all that they've accomplished. (Furthermore, an especially intelligent human brain produced this text!) To be sure, humans have overcome predators, disease, and all sorts of other obstacles over thousands of years.

To fully understand and appreciate these accomplishments, let's take at some of the most well-known parts of the human body!

The head, or the spherical body part that contains the brain and rests at the top of the human body, has quite a few individual organs and body parts on it. (It should quickly be mentioned that hair occupies the space on top of the head, and the ears, the organs responsible for hearing, are located on either side of the head.) From top to bottom, the eyebrows, or horizontal strips of hair that can be found above the eye, are the first components of the head. The eyes are below them, and are round, orb-like organs that allow humans to see.

The eyes make way for the nose, or an external (sticking-out) organ that plays an important part in the breathing and bacteria-elimination processes. Below that is the mouth, or a wide, cavernous organ that chews food, removes bacteria, helps with breathing, and more. The mouth contains teeth, or small, white-colored, pointed body parts used to chew food, and the tongue, or a red-colored, boneless organ used to chew food and speak.

The neck is the long body part that connects the head to the chest (the muscular body part that protects the heart and lungs), and the stomach, or the part of the body that contains food and liquid-processing organs, comes below that.

The legs are the long, muscular body parts that allow humans to move from one spot to another and perform a variety of actions. Each leg contains a thigh (a thick, especially muscular body part used to perform strenuous motions; the upper part of the leg) and a calf (thinner, more flexible body part that absorbs the shock associated with movement; the lower part of the leg). Feet can be found at the bottom of legs, and each foot is comprised of five toes, or small appendages that help balance.

Arms are long, powerful body parts that are located on either side of chest, below the shoulders;arms are comprised of biceps (the thicker, more powerful upper portion), and forearms (the thinner, more flexible lower portion). Hands, or small, gripping body parts used for a tremendous number of actions, are at the end of arms. Each hand contains five fingers, or small appendages used to grip objects.

The aforementioned shoulders are rounded body parts that aid arms' flexibility. One's back is found on the opposite side of the stomach, and is a flat section of the body that contains important muscles that're intended to protect the lungs and other internal organs, in addition to helping humans perform certain motions and actions.

Las Vegas
Last April, John took a trip to Las Vegas, Nevada. Las Vegas is a popular destination in the western portion of the United States. The town is most popular for its casinos, hotels, and exciting nightlife.

In downtown Las Vegas, John spent a lot of time on The Strip, which is a 2.5 mile stretch of shopping, entertainment venues, luxury hotels, and fine dining experiences. This is probably the most commonly visited tourist area in the city. The Strip at night looks especially beautiful. All of the buildings light up with bright, neon, eye-catching signs to attract visitor attention.

A stay in Las Vegas can feel similar to a visit to many popular cities worldwide. Many of the hotels have miniature versions of important international sites and monuments. These famous landmarks include the Eiffel Tower, Venice, and even ancient Rome.

One day, John took a side trip outside of the city to visit the Grand Canyon, one of the Seven Wonders of the Natural World. The canyon offers a breathtaking view of Nevada’s ridges and natural landscape. John especially liked the canyon because it was removed from all of the noise and movement in downtown Las Vegas.

John had a great time during his trip to Las Vegas. He did not win a lot of money in the casinos. However, he managed to see a lot of amazing sites during his visit to this city that never sleeps.

Spanish Flu Pandemic of 1918
The deadliest virus in modern history, perhaps of all time, was the 1918 Spanish Flu. It killed about 20 to 50 million people worldwide, perhaps more. The total death toll is unknown because medical records were not kept in many areas.

The pandemic hit during World War I and devastated military troops. In the United States, for instance, more servicemen were killed from the flu than from the war itself. The Spanish flu was fatal to a higher proportion of young adults than most flu viruses.

The pandemic started mildly, in the spring of 1918, but was followed by a much more severe wave in the fall of 1918. The war likely contributed to the devastating mortality numbers, as large outbreaks occurred in military forces living in close quarters. Poor nutrition and the unsanitary conditions of war camps had an effect.

A third wave occurred in the winter and spring of 1919, and a fourth, smaller wave occurred in a few areas in spring 1920. Initial symptoms of the flu were typical: sore throat, headache, and fever. The flu often progressed rapidly to cause severe pneumonia and sometimes hemorrhage in the lungs and mucus membranes. A characteristic feature of severe cases of the Spanish Flu was heliotrope cyanosis, where the patient’s face turned blue from lack of oxygen in the cells. Death usually followed within hours or days.

Modern medicine such as vaccines, antivirals, and antibiotics for secondary infections were not available at that time, so medical personnel couldn’t do much more than try to relieve symptoms.

The flu ended when it had infected enough people that those who were susceptible had either died or developed immunity.

The Environment
In our modern world, there are many factors that place the wellbeing of the planet in jeopardy. While some people have the opinion that environmental problems are just a natural occurrence, others believe that human beings have a huge impact on the environment. Regardless of your viewpoint, take into consideration the following factors that place our environment as well as the planet Earth in danger.

Global warming or climate change is a major contributing factor to environmental damage. Because of global warming, we have seen an increase in melting ice caps, a rise in sea levels, and the formation of new weather patterns. These weather patterns have caused stronger storms, droughts, and flooding in places that they formerly did not occur.

Air pollution is primarily caused as a result of excessive and unregulated emissions of carbon dioxide into the air. Pollutants mostly emerge from the burning of fossil fuels in addition to chemicals, toxic substances, and improper waste disposal. Air pollutants are absorbed into the atmosphere, and they can cause smog, a combination of smoke and fog, in valleys as well as produce acidic precipitation in areas far away from the pollution source.

In many areas, people and local governments do not sustainably use their natural resources. Mining for natural gases, deforestation, and even improper use of water resources can have tremendous effects on the environment. While these strategies often attempt to boost local economies, their effects can lead to oil spills, interrupted animal habitats, and droughts.

Ultimately, the effects of the modern world on the environment can lead to many problems. Human beings need to consider the repercussions of their actions, trying to reduce, reuse, and recycle materials while establishing environmentally sustainable habits. If measures are not taken to protect the environment, we can potentially witness the extinction of more endangered species, worldwide pollution, and a completely uninhabitable planet.

Yellowstone National Park
Yellowstone National Park, located in Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming, was established as the first national park in the United States. The park is a popular destination for visitors who enjoy ecological tourism as it offers forests, mountains, and abundant ecosystems to explore. Some of Yellowstone’s most well-known landmarks are its geothermal hot springs and geysers, the most famous of which is named Old Faithful.

Last fall, Lisa and her friends decided to take a camping trip to Yellowstone National Park. They arranged to stay at one of the park’s many convenient campsites. For their camping trip, they brought their backpacks, sleeping bags, and a cooler of food and drinks. They pitched their tents immediately upon arriving to their campsite.

During their trip, Lisa and her friends hiked the many trails of the park, exploring its natural surroundings. In the forest, they saw a lot of local wildlife. Lisa was surprised to see a family of grizzly bears, some gray wolves, and even bald eagles flying overhead. Outside of the woods, they admired the beauty of some of Yellowstone’s natural cascades.

Since Yellowstone contains many hot springs and the world’s largest area of active geysers, Lisa and her friends visited many different geyser sites. They even spent an afternoon swimming in Yellowstone’s Boiling River. Of all of the sites, Lisa and her friends agreed that Old Faithful was the most impressive. Lisa and her friends waited patiently for the geyser to erupt. After about 40 minutes, a stream of boiling water over 100 feet tall sprayed from the ground and up into the air. Fortunately, no one got wet!

Miami
Christina visited Miami during her winter vacation. She is from Boston, where it is cold during the winter months. Miami, however, has a very warm climate. There are many sunny days in Miami, and people can go to the beach all year long. Christina spent a good portion of her trip on the beach to relax and sunbathe. However, she also explored Miami and its surroundings.

Inspired by Miami’s proximity to the ocean, Christina visited the Miami Seaquarium to learn about marine life. There, she watched a show using trained dolphins, killer whales, and other aquatic mammals. She took a lot of pictures of the sea creatures jumping out of the water and performing tricks.

Christina also took an excursion to the Everglades National Park. This park is a protected area spanning 1.5 million acres. Because the park is mostly swampland, it is home to many reptiles. Native animals include snakes, alligators, and crocodiles. The park is also great for birdwatching. Christina enjoyed hiking the trails in the Everglades and observing the wildlife in its natural environment.

When Christina returned to the city, she visited Little Havana. This is Miami’s Cuban neighborhood. Christina could see that Little Havana’s people demonstrated a lot of pride for their Cuban heritage. There were many outdoor shops and vendors, live musicians, and the Cuban cuisine was delicious. Little Havana was Christina’s favorite part about her trip to Miami. This neighborhood made Christina feel like she had traveled to Cuba without ever having to leave the United States.

Jobs and Professions
As has been the case for many years, jobs, or forms of employment wherein employees perform a service or duty in exchange for financial compensation, play a prominent role in society. Furthermore, all jobs—even those of seemingly little significance—are important, as they simply wouldn't exist if their specific responsibilities weren't of value to employers (companies or persons that pay others for their work), customers (individuals who pay money for a product or service), and the economy generally.

Teachers, or educational professionals tasked with helping students understand certain subjects and topics, are especially crucial today. In short, teachers help their students to become qualified for their future careers.

Doctors, or medical professionals who specialize in providing health-related assistance to patients, are some of the most respected individuals in America and the world. It's the responsibility of doctors to help those who feel less-than-stellar to determine the underlying health issue(s) and recommend an effective treatment (or remedy to a disease, disorder, or condition).

There are quite a few types of specialty doctors in America (besides MD, which simply means "medical doctor"), all of whom can be referred to simply as "Doctor (Name)." Dentists (mouth/teeth doctors), dermatologists (skin doctors), and psychiatrists (mental-health doctors) are just a few examples of the many different types of doctors.

Additionally, nurses are medical professionals who help to administer doctor-ordered treatments to patients.

Police officers are law enforcement professionals whose job it is to protect citizens, solve crimes, and assure that rules and regulations are followed. Similarly, firefighters serve the public by responding to fires (and other emergency situations) and using high-tech equipment to extinguish these fires, while bringing any individuals who're in danger to safety.

Farmers maintain fields of crops (or vegetable/fruit plants) and/or collections of animals with the intention of selling these products as food.

Chefs/cooks prepare meals in professional settings, including restaurants, cafeterias, and other venues wherein food and drink are sold, for customers. Chefs are generally experienced in cooking and managing kitchens.

Waiters bring menus, beverages, meals, and ultimately, the check (or a bill of the foods and drinks purchased in a transaction) to tables in restaurants and other establishments that serve food.

Artists produce art, or works of creative significance, including music, paintings, drawings, poetry, writing, and more.

The Statue of Liberty
The Statue of Liberty, arguably one of New York City’s most iconic symbols, is a popular tourist attraction for first-time visitors to the city. This 150-foot monument was gifted to the United States from France in order to celebrate 100 years of America’s independence. The statue is located on Liberty Island, and it is accessible by taking a ferry from either Battery Park in New York City or Liberty State Park in Jersey City.

When Claire visited the Statue of Liberty for the first time, she instantly admired it as a symbol of freedom. Claire made sure to make reservations before her visit because only 240 people are permitted to climb the staircase to the top of the statue every day. After climbing almost 400 stairs, Claire received spectacular views of the city from the statue’s crown.

During her visit, Claire learned that the Statue of Liberty was not always the color that it is now. She found out that because the statue’s exterior is made of copper, the statue oxidized over time, giving it the greenish appearance it has in present day. When it was first constructed, the statue was the same color as a shiny penny!

After touring the Statue of Liberty, Claire spent the rest of the day in New York City visiting other important monuments and historic landmarks. Claire left New York hoping to have had the time to explore more sites, but she can’t wait to return to the city in the future.

The Grand Canyon
The Grand Canyon, one of the Seven Wonders of the Natural World, is located in the state of Arizona. It is also a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Formed by over 70 million years of erosion from the Colorado River, the Grand Canyon offers a spectacular view. The canyon spans 277 miles in length, up to 18 miles in width, and it measures over a mile in depth at its deepest points. Carlos always wanted to visit the Grand Canyon, and recently he received the chance to hike some of the trails and take several panoramic photographs during his visit.

When Carlos arrived at the visitor center, he watched a brief movie that taught tourists about the Grand Canyon National Park and the geological history of the canyon’s formation. Later, Carlos followed a hiking trail to become even further acquainted with the canyon. While walking through the trails, Carlos saw some tourists riding donkeys to traverse the canyon’s ridges. Throughout his hiking expedition, Carlos used a map to find some of the best hot spots for photographs within the canyon. He revisited some areas at different points in the day because sun angles and lighting can make a big difference in the quality of a photo.

Carlos was very pleased that he got to travel to the Grand Canyon. He loves hiking and photography, so this was the perfect outdoor experience for him. He posted all of his best pictures on social media, and his friends were amazed by his breathtaking, panoramic shots.

Hotel Reservation
Receptionist: Good afternoon! This is Capitol Hotels in Washington, D.C. How may I help you?

Mr. Abrams: Hi, I’d like to schedule a reservation for this upcoming weekend from Friday night until Sunday.

Receptionist: Sure! Let me check and see what rooms are available. Do you need a room with one bed or two?

Mr. Abrams: My wife and I will be visiting the city, but a room with one bed will be just fine.

Receptionist: Alright... It looks like we have several rooms available. Would you care for a room with a balcony?

Mr. Abrams: A single room with no balcony will suit our needs just fine. I did notice on your website that you have a pool and an exercise room. Are these facilities available for all hotel guests?

Receptionist: Yes, all hotel guests are allowed access to those facilities. The hotel stay also includes breakfast. We have a restaurant on-site that also serves lunch and dinner, but those meals are not included in your lodging fee.

Mr. Abrams: Okay, that’s fine. What time are both check-in and check-out?

Receptionist: Check-in for you on Friday can be any time after 3:00 p.m. Check-out will be on Sunday before noon.

Mr. Abrams: Sounds great!

Receptionist: I am glad that I could help you today. Is there anything else that you need at this point in time?

Mr. Abrams: Would you like my credit card information now, or can I take care of that upon my arrival to the hotel’s reception desk?

Receptionist: We can handle payment upon your arrival on Friday. We look forward to seeing you then!

Mr. Abrams: Thank you! I look forward to my stay.

Receptionist: Enjoy the rest of your week!

Halloween
Halloween (also referred to as All Hollows' Eve) is a holiday that's celebrated in America on 31 October of each year, regardless of what day of the week this date falls on. Although it is rooted in religion, Halloween today is enjoyed mainly because of its decorations, costumes, candy, treats, and general excitement, and furthermore, it is enjoyed by most everyone.

Before Halloween, many individuals carve a design into an orange-colored pumpkin, or a solid, durable vegetable. Once a personally satisfying design is carved, a lit candle is typically put inside a pumpkin, thereby making it a Jack-O-Lantern. At night, this design lights up against the darkness.

Besides carving pumpkins, some celebrate Halloween by putting decorations up. Supernatural (referring in this case to non-natural creatures that're typically based in fiction) figures, including vampires, ghosts, werewolves, zombies, and more, generally account for most of these decorations. Bugs, spiders, cobwebs, gravestones, and anything else that can be considered creepy (or unusual and possibly scary) can also be found on Halloween, in decoration form.

Only some adults celebrate Halloween, and they generally do so by attending parties. Inversely, the vast majority of children dress in costume (Halloween costumes can be based upon anything, from the mentioned supernatural creatures to the stars of today's films) and walk from door to door in search of candy—a practice known as trick or treat—on Halloween. After knocking on a door (houses that participate in Halloween usually leave a light on), one says, "Trick or Treat" and a piece (or pieces!) of candy is given to him or her.

The Golden Gate Bridge
Some of the most important landmarks in the United States include feats of architecture and modern engineering. San Francisco, California, is a beautiful city on its own, but it is also home to The Golden Gate Bridge, a 1.7 mile suspension bridge connecting the San Francisco Peninsula to the Marin Headlands. The bridge holds the title of one of the Wonders of the Modern World according to the American Society of Civil Engineers.

One of the most popular ways to appreciate the bridge is to take an excursion to the Golden Gate National Recreation Area just outside of San Francisco. The park contains hiking trails, great spots for picnicking, and offers some of the best vantage points for panoramic photographs of the bridge leading into the city.

David recently had some friends visit him in San Francisco, and he made sure to include a visit to the recreation area as part of their tour. They enjoyed walking through the trails, observing some of the native wildlife, and even having a casual picnic in the park. David’s friends were thankful that he guided them through this impressive area of California. They made sure to take a group photograph with the Golden Gate Bridge in the background. David’s friends had the picture framed, and they later presented it to David in order to thank him for his hospitality during their stay.

The four seasons
The four seasons are spring, summer, fall, and winter, and although various areas of the United States experience drastically different weather during these times, all portions of the country recognize the seasons; winter in California may bring heat, and winter in New York may bring blizzards, but both periods are nevertheless winter.

Following winter, spring begins on 20 March and ends on either 20 June or 21 June, in the United States (this date may vary slightly from year to year and hemisphere to hemisphere). For most, spring is a time of "thawing," when the cold and snow of the winter are replaced by sunshine, reasonable temperatures, green grass, and more. It is also the season wherein previously dormant bees and butterflies reemerge, and when birds become more active.

Summer follows spring and spans from about 21 June to 22 September, in America. Summer is the warmest, the longest, and (arguably) the liveliest of the four seasons; students from kindergarten to college are given two or so summer months off from class, and to be sure, there are more young individuals out and about during this season than any other. It's not uncommon to see shorts, t-shirts, and sunglasses worn by those who're soaking up the summer's hot sun, and to stay cool, many individuals crank the air conditioning, take a dip in a swimming pool, and/or explore the ever-comforting ocean waves.

Autumn (or fall), more than being a simple precursor to winter, is one of the most beautiful and exciting seasons. Spanning from 22 September to 21 December (technically, that is; snow will begin to fall long before this latter date, in most parts of the country, leading many to classify the period as winter) in the US, autumn is characterized by falling leaves, Halloween (on 31 October), and Thanksgiving. During fall, traditional farmers harvest their produce, and the aforementioned falling leaves change to gorgeous orange, red, and yellow colors; these colors are generally associated with autumn itself, in turn.

In the US, winter spans from 21 December to 20 March, and is, as one would expect, the coldest of the four seasons. In the eastern, northern, and central portions of the country, winter snowfall can be considerable; in the western and southern portions of the country, winter snowfall is highly unlikely, but temperatures nevertheless drop from their usual. Winter is most widely known for its snow and the Christmas holiday, but it also boasts New Year's Eve (on December 31, in recognition of the start of a new year) and other special days. Ice skating, sledding, ice hockey, and snowball fights are commonly enjoyed winter activities.

Going to work in the morning
My job is a long distance from my home, almost 50 miles away. I have to wake up early every morning, as I’m always in a rush. There’s never enough time for a relaxed breakfast. At exactly 6:00 AM, I get into my car and start the long drive.

I usually like driving on the highway more than in the city. During the morning rush hour, though, it’s not very enjoyable. The heavy traffic is a little bit annoying. So I always listen to my favorite classical music CD’s in the car – Chopin, Mozart, and Bach. That cheers me up a lot.

The drive to work takes about one hour. Going back home in the evening after work takes even longer, maybe around 70 minutes. Lately I’ve been thinking about trying to take the train to work instead of driving. That way, I could still listen to my music with headphones, and even read a novel at the same time.

The Empire State Building
When exploring New York City, there are several different options for activities during a day trip. Some visitors come to see a show, visit art museums, or simply to shop in many of the city’s high-end retailers. However, many tourists simply come to New York City for the sightseeing. One of the most visited landmarks in New York City is the Empire State Building.

The Empire State Building, constructed in 1931, is a 102-story skyscraper, the ninth highest building in the world, and the fourth tallest structure in the United States. It is located in Midtown, Manhattan. This skyscraper is an iconic symbol of the city, having been featured in over 90 popular movies (as of 2018) throughout film history. Tourists come from all over the world to visit this building and view the city from its famous observation decks.

Matthew, an enthusiast of historic buildings, was excited for this trip to New York City because he has always appreciated architectural design. Matthew purchased a ticket that granted him access to beautiful 360-degree views of the city. The ticket included an elevator ride that stopped at two different vantage points, one at the 86th floor and the other at the rooftop observatory on the 102nd floor. From these observation decks, Matthew took incredible photographs of the entire New York City skyline. The rooftop views granted Matthew perfect aerial perspectives of Central Park, the Brooklyn Bridge, Times Square, the Statue of Liberty, and many other important city landmarks.

Food
While eating at a restaurant is an enjoyable and convenient occasional treat, most individuals and families prepare their meals at home. To make breakfast, lunch, and dinner daily, these persons must have the required foods and ingredients on hand and ready to go; foods and ingredients are typically purchased from a grocery store, or an establishment that distributes foods, drinks, household products, and other items that're used by the typical consumer.

Produce, or the term used to describe fresh fruits and vegetables, is commonly purchased by grocery store shoppers. In terms of fruit, most grocery stores offer bananas, apples, oranges, blackberries, raspberries, grapes, pineapples, cantaloupes, watermelons, and more; other grocery stores with larger produce selections might offer the listed fruits in addition to less common fruits, including mangoes, honeydews, starfruits, coconuts, and more.

Depending on the grocery store, customers can purchase fruits in a few different ways. Some stores will charge a set amount per pound of fruit, and will weigh customers' fruit purchases and bill them accordingly; other stores will charge customers for each piece of fruit they buy, or for bundles of fruit (a bag of bananas, a bag of apples, etc.); other stores yet will simply charge by the container.

Vegetables, including lettuce, corn, tomatoes, onions, celery, cucumbers, mushrooms, and more are also sold at many grocery stores, and are purchased similarly to the way that fruits are. Grocery stores typically stock more vegetables than fruit at any given time, as vegetables remain fresh longer than fruits do, generally speaking.

It'd take quite a while to list everything else that today's massive grocery stores sell, but most customers take the opportunity to shop for staples, or foods that play a prominent role in the average diet, at the establishments. Staples include pasta, rice, flour, sugar, milk, meat, and eggs, and bread. All the listed staples are available in prepackaged containers, but can be purchased "fresh" in some grocery stores, wherein employees will measure and weigh fresh products and then provide them to customers.

Christmas
A Christian holiday signifying the birth of Jesus, Christmas is widely celebrated and enjoyed across the United States and the world. The holiday always falls on 25 December (regardless of the day of the week), and is typically accompanied by decorations, presents, and special meals.

Specifically, the legend behind Christmas (and the one that most children are told) is that Santa Claus, a bearded, hefty, jolly, and red-jacket-wearing old man who lives in the North Pole, spends the year crafting presents with his elves, or small, festive, excited Santa-assistants. All the children who behave throughout the year are admitted to the Good List, and will presumably receive their desired gifts on Christmas, while those who don't behave are placed on the Naughty List, and will presumably (although the matter is determined by parents) receive a lump of coal.

Santa Claus is said to fly around the Christmas sky in a sled powered by his magical reindeer, or cold-resistant, mythically powered, individually named animals, delivering presents to each child's house in the process. Santa is also expected to slide through chimneys to deliver these presents (homes not equipped with chimneys might "leave the front door cracked open"), and children sometimes arrange cookies or other treats on a plate for him to enjoy.

Gifts are placed underneath a Christmas tree, or a pine tree that's decorated with ornaments and/or lights and is symbolic of the holiday. Additionally, smaller gifts may be placed inside a stocking, or a sock-shaped, holiday-specific piece of fabric that's generally hung on the mantle of a fireplace (homes without fireplaces might use the wall). A Christmas tree's ornaments, or hanging, typically spherical decorations, in addition to the mentioned lights, may be accompanied by a star, or a representation of the Star of Jerusalem that the Three Apostles followed while bringing Baby Jesus gifts and honoring him, in the Bible.

Thanksgiving
Thanksgiving is a holiday celebrated predominantly in North America, and it possesses a different meaning in each of the countries where it's acknowledged.

In the United States, Thanksgiving is a federal holiday (meaning all government employees and most private employees are given a day off of work), and always takes places on the Fourth Thursday in November, regardless of the date.

The holiday signifies the immense progress made by pilgrims, or some of the first travelers to North America, at Plymouth Plantation circa 1621. It was at this time that the hungry and weary Pilgrims were taught (by Native Americans) how to grow and produce food on North America's unique terrain. Once they'd grown (and caught) an abundance of food, the Pilgrims were expectedly thankful, and they celebrated alongside the Native Americans who provided them with such valuable assistance. President Abraham Lincoln initiated the contemporary practice of Thanksgiving by calling for a "day of Thanksgiving" during one of his Civil War addresses.

In America today, Thanksgiving remains firmly engrained in its historical roots, and is widely considered to be a day for giving thanks for good food, good times, and family. Thanksgiving dinner generally consists of turkey, mashed potatoes, stuffing, vegetables, gravy, and ample desserts. To be sure, indulging in abundance is a cornerstone of the holiday, as doing so could only be possible if one possesses abundance.

San Francisco
In June, Diane visited her friends who live in San Francisco, California. This was Diane’s first time in the city, and she enjoyed her opportunities to walk around and explore.

On the first day of her trip, Diane visited the Golden Gate Bridge. This red suspension bridge measures 1.7 miles in length. Diane and her friends did not walk across the bridge. However, they viewed it from the Golden Gate National Recreation Area, which offers hiking trails, picnicking areas, and presents spectacular views of the bridge and city. Diane and her friends made sure to take a group photograph here, featuring the bridge in the background.

The next day, Diane and her friends visited Alcatraz Island. This island is located 1.25 miles offshore in the San Francisco Bay. It used to serve as a lighthouse, military fort, and prison. Diane and her friends took a small tour boat across bay to reach the island. Their visit included a guided tour through the old military base and prison. They also took a walk around the island to appreciate some of the native wildlife in addition to the views of the city.

Diane and her friends spent the final day of her vist in San Francisco’s downtown area. Diane’s favorite part of her entire trip was taking a trolley to transport her up and down the hilly streets of San Francisco. Diane did a lot of shopping downtown on her last day. She and her friends celebrated the end of her visit by having dinner at one of San Francisco’s best restaurants.

Chicago
Keith recently came back from a trip to Chicago, Illinois. This midwestern metropolis is found along the shore of Lake Michigan. During his visit, Keith spent a lot of time exploring the city to visit important landmarks and monuments.

Keith loves baseball, and he made sure to take a visit to Wrigley Field. Not only did he take a tour of this spectacular stadium, but he also got to watch a Chicago Cubs game. In the stadium, Keith and the other fans cheered for the Cubs. Keith was happy that the Cubs won with a score of 5-4.

Chicago has many historic places to visit. Keith found the Chicago Water Tower impressive as it is one of the few remaining landmarks to have survived the Great Chicago Fire of 1871. Keith also took a walk through Jackson Park, a great outdoor space that hosted the World’s Fair of 1892. The park is great for a leisurely stroll, and it still features some of the original architecture and replicas of monuments that were featured in the World’s Fair.

During the last part of his visit, Keith managed to climb the stairs inside of the Willis Tower, a 110-story skyscraper. Despite the challenge of climbing the many flights of stairs, Keith felt that reaching the top was worth the effort. From the rooftop, Keith received a gorgeous view of the city’s skyline with Lake Michigan in the background.

